# Yucel-YALCINKAYA
BIOGRAPHY
Yucel Yalcinkaya was born in 1970 in Aybasti, Ordu.
He moved to İstanbul in order to continue his education and business life.
After establishing his business life, he decided to continue his education and graduated from A.Ö.F Public Relations, A.Ö.F Real Estate and Real Estate Management.
Afterwards, he completed his BA degree at Okan University, Faculty of Business and Management Sciences.
In Istanbul, he realized important projects in his field.
In 2000, he established Yalcinkaya Tourism Textile Transportation and Construction Foreign Trade Limited Company to move his trade forward.
Construction, tourism, transport and textile sectors currently has operations in the Yalcinkaya company, continues to operate in different sectors.
Yucel Yalcinkaya was found in the task for membership Cekmekoy Municipal Assembly for 3 periods and membership of Union of Municipalities of Turkey.
He held important positions in many civil society organizations, as Orduspor PTT 1. League Istanbul Coordinator, Anadolu Irfan Otağı Co-founder and Vice Chairman etc.
In 2004,  he was elected to the Cekmekoy Municipal Assembly Member and as he is a member of the Union of Municipalities of Turkey and a member of the Association of Municipalities of Marmara he gained experiences in many areas like municipalism at the local and local governments.
In 2015, Yalçınkaya Construction Football Tournament was organized under the name of sponsorship of our company in Cekmeköy and it hosted a beautiful organization with the participation of nearly 300 football players and 2000 football audiences.

In July 15, he has brought together hundreds of civil society organizations against the treacherous Fetö and all terrorist organizations and by making press statements condemning the terrorist organizations, he has shown an important example of the National Struggle.

In 2018, he was nominated for 27th term Parliamentary Candidate.
In the 2019 elections, he had a candidate for Ak Party Cekmekoy Mayor Nomination.
Presently he carries out his duties for the task of BIRKONFED Business World Confederation, CSO Responsible Deputy Chairman and CEKBIAD Cekmekoy Anadolu Unifying Business World Association Chairman.

He has served his cause without any concessions, since AK Party Cekmekoy's establishment.
With a new vision, local government experience, Civil Society Culture and his works in the electorate climate, he is ready for any task to be given to him.
He is married Kadriye YALÇINKAYA and has 3 children. He has a good command of English.
